one of the attractions of the last day of the valley to know and share at risk
very big in Bahia
the factory store
the e-learning course
have come so far
There have to be people at home of 5% bahia
left for the goal
bc is symptomatic
which is also miner and tomato
sure mine
at the beginning of the year I had this happiness said titled
Honorary citizen of the city of Uberaba
more than ever mine heart had already had the very big affection
because of the nasl storms here with all affection mainly that the
My people are with me
and if I had a great gift and next to that I wanted to pay homage to the music
Wonderful
stay in the crowd's mouth
the home team
the basque
started so we have to miss eastwood
started in timóteo
the young man and we would record the first serenades and Brazil
on account of these you can not go back Salvador-ba that we stayed in there
same
in the region
his name from the victims of the action was the color of the police
what we were doing well in the city next to the study - which doubled crawling
to do the pre-production - had to test the lighthouse is one of the muses that
the conflict was created in the studio
they treat them as bali Folia micareta principal
in the city and one of the state's main
We've got three fine pingtan techniques, we gotta go.
happy of life
and ready to
I'm very satisfied and I'll wait for you at the lighthouse.
calm a little bit
I hope not to bluff
lamb would be foolish to do well that will do
declaration of love
sooner at night said
so it will be
the heat that will be the palm trees
A good night to you.
in lower demand